Remove Azure Functions 4.0 preview related text (#87131)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-app-settings.md

## FUNCTIONS\_EXTENSION\_VERSION

> The version of the Functions runtime that hosts your function app. A tilde (`~`) with major version means use the latest version of that major version (for example, "~3"). When new versions for the same major version are available, they are automatically installed in the function app. To pin the app to a specific version, use the full version number (for example, "3.0.12345"). Default is "~3". A value of `~1` pins your app to version 1.x of the runtime. For more information, see [Azure Functions runtime versions overview](functions-versions.md). A value of `~4` lets you run Azure Functions with .NET 6.0.

Reviewer: @kendaleiv thanks for finding and fixing this preview reference we missed. Can you please accept my suggestion and then I can sign-off on this PR?
```suggestion
The version of the Functions runtime that hosts your function app. A tilde (`~`) with major version means use the latest version of that major version (for example, "~3"). When new versions for the same major version are available, they are automatically installed in the function app. To pin the app to a specific version, use the full version number (for example, "3.0.12345"). Default is "~3". A value of `~1` pins your app to version 1.x of the runtime. For more information, see [Azure Functions runtime versions overview](functions-versions.md). A value of `~4` means that your app runs on version 4.x of the runtime, which supports .NET 6.0.
```
Just to make it a bit less .NET-centric 😉
